hi cybernaut
let's start putting things on our website
come if the cursor is waiting for us to wait
we write arch
we put
company
two points station
and we are going to put here service
I'm going to press the int key
by pressing the key intro disgusted let's get used to reading here below in
disgusted a new
paragraph you see it p
a new paragraph has been created following paragraph and paragraph leaves me a line
in white
it can be
let's put another text here
Cocker
we offer
I'm going to press the clash inc again
notice that between paragraph and paragraph will always leave us an intro
to have to write everything I have a copied text I'm going to paste
do not imagine that I've already written all this
continuing to write to the end he makes me jump automatic tracking
you do not want intro if you do not want there to be
a change of
now let's see how to format all this
we open the properties window
here we have them
notice that we have typical properties of a text
alignments
no pitas
we will see what the cdc css puesteros in cascade mean that same
we want here
here we have to define
the size of a text
since we have to define typography
let's see how it works
for example we select the word companies as if it were
a formal word processor
I keep pressing tita trail care that has not taken both together then
I come back a little bit here crawled
how we want that text to be, we are going to change the color because in the part of
down in the sale of properties here says
color I detest click or
it looks like a panel of color because it hurt any color
the blue
I'm going to girls out since October of this text to see if you do not have this post
kind
very well look for the opposite witness
you can select it again because they do not want to doctor instead of keeping
tight and drag tighten tic tic twice
Yamel murdered
I come here to the task the sale of properties and pulse mérida
and another numerical
today Friday click or off
we already have them ready
very well now the word that we offer
let's put it ahead look at a way to change the size messi had
inside
did not select now I want the whole paragraph to be bigger
not just an alert
Well, he selected and I come here
where it says format
keko here
and it tells us about the headers in footwear 1 is the biggest headline
two
it's a little smaller and so down very well headed
the machine will keep like a title and then you do not have to select anything if
I tell you in the head or two
mel bet all this paragraph at each state 2 do not have to select
nothing
if you wanted to just apply hunt size change
to a text for example again the word company selected
instead of format you'll have to do it here by size
click or here
here I will tell you for example bigger
and we have it bigger
summing up here in paragraph we'll say for a whole paragraph instead in
popcorn size these selected
very good keiko out
we already have it
now I would like to be able to bold for example the word your catalog point
that s select all this text and I come to the bottom part bold
i also want it in cursive click or in
and cheesy
well let's do the same with this act selected all this
of the little emeritus
and in italics
click or outside to see how to get out
perfect
threw down
we already have it very well
now let's change alignments
I sell myself up
that we offer I would like it to be in the middle of the page I click
injured in the middle of the paragraph that I want to change
click or in the part of here I say to align to the center look down here
we aligned to the center
I already have mine
we want to change fonts selected the whole paragraph the paragraph
I want or the text
it can be only a slight character
I come here that says sources click sources and I say arias for example in
mel has turned this text into arian
click photo
to see what I know there are parameters has each text you just have to
click on the cyclic who company crack
here, look, I made the color
bigger flaws and I know we offer boy here
tells me
headers
i cp scient centered
cyclic pinto catalog
tells me
bold font
ticos
it is simply selecting complicate don t this changed the appearance and if it bounces
in the properties window
let's save is not all commented
archive
ward bow
we are in the folder look course that we had created
let's hire a man first
remember when giving names to documents
never put spaces or characters bouquets
I mean characters bouquets anyone who is not so pink john english by
example
in Spanish
the aquino ll could not put a girl
we could not put any accented character for example
Well be careful with this because you put yourself in trouble with the names
do not capitalize either
we keep
perfect to save what you have done awaiting a document first with
the extension
point hp m efe
lewis keeps the documents in format with the extension of internet
ht mtl